docs: rephrase and modify (#16)
node-modules/clet: README.md

### wait(type, expected)

> Use `wait` to wait for your expectations to pass. It's useful for tesing long-run http server apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait for your expectations to pass. It's useful for testing long-run apps such as build tools or http servers.
```

### kill()

> Kill the child process. It's useful for manually ending long-run server after validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kill the child process. It's useful for manually ending long-run apps after validation.
```

### stdin(expected, respond)

Responde to a prompt input.

> - `expected`: {String|RegExp} - test `stdout` with regexp or an exact string.

Reviewer: not a exact string

### notStdout(unexpected)

> The opposite of `stdout()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opposite of `stdout()`.
```

### notStderr(unexpected)

> The opposite of `stderr()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The opposite of `stderr()`.
```

### notFile(filePath, unexpected)

The opposite of `file()`.

> Notice: `.notFile('not-exist.md', 'abc')` will throw because the file is not existing.

### expect(fn)

> Validate with a custom function, using assert method `ctx.assert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate with a custom function.
```

> ### log(key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### log(format, ...keys)
```

> Print log for debugging. `log(key)` supports formattor and dot path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print log for debugging. `key` supports dot path such as `result.stdout`.
```

> ### rm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### rm(path)
```

上面那个 mkdir 也顺便改为 mkdir(path)

> Delete a file or a folder. It doesn't throw if the file or the folder doesn't exist.

Author: @atian25 你看看这里我有没有理解对。然后再确认是不是删除到垃圾箱？

Reviewer: - 确定是删除到垃圾箱，所以可以把上面那个 to prevent misoperation 也提下。
- throw 这个感觉没必要说

Author: rm 的行为是遇到不存在的路径就报错，这里和常规不同所以强调一下。

> ### writeFile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### writeFile(filePath, content)
```

### assert

Extend Node.js built-in `assert` with some powerful assertions.

```js
/**
 * assert `actual` matches `expected`
 *  - when `expected` is regexp, assert by `RegExp.test`
 *  - when `expected` is json, assert by `lodash.isMatch`
 *  - when `expected` is string, assert by `String.includes`
 *
 * @param {String|Object} actual - actual string
 * @param {String|RegExp|Object} expected - rule to validate
 */
function matchRule(actual, expected) {}

/**

>  * assert `actual` doesn't match `expected`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * assert `actual` does not match `expected`
```

/**
 * validate file
 *
 *  - `matchFile('/path/to/file')`: check whether the file exists

>  *  - `matchFile('/path/to/file', /\w+/)`: check whether the file matches regexp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *  - `matchFile('/path/to/file', /\w+/)`: check whether the file content matches regexp
```

>  *  - `matchFile('/path/to/file', 'usage')`: check whether the file includes specified string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *  - `matchFile('/path/to/file', 'usage')`: check whether the file contend includes specified string
```

/**
 * validate file with opposite rule
 *
 *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file')`: check whether the file exists

>  *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', /\w+/)`: check whether the file doesn't match regex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', /\w+/)`: check whether the file contend does not match regex
```

>  *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', 'usage')`: check whether the file doesn't include specified string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', 'usage')`: check whether the file content does not include specified string
```

>  *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', { version: '1.0.0' })`: checke whether the file content doesn't partially include specified JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *  - `doesNotMatchFile('/path/to/file', { version: '1.0.0' })`: checke whether the file content does not partially include specified JSON
```
